# BLOCKSPIRIT

<p>Blockchain is itself a really big concept to cover and since the web3 is becoming not just a conceptual model infact coming reality. We saw a big flaw in student learning blockchain and cryptocurrency. Today’s generation face a lot of problems to understand crypto with a very clear concept and blockchain is just a part of cryptocurrency operation. In this, we propose BlockSpirit, A decentralized Virtual Simulator which is based on Proof-of-stake and work as a virtual trading platform for students and passionate cryptocurrency enthusiast to take a first step in the future of web i.e WEB 3.0.
Our mission is to create a grassroots organization that creates fully-fledged developers and brings them into the ecosystem. It enables cross-blockchain transfers of any type of data or asset, not just tokens. Connecting to Goerli gives you the ability to interoperate with a wide variety of blockchains in the Goerli network.
A modular design integrates Proof-of-stake underlies certain consensus mechanisms used by blockchains to achieve distributed consensus. In proof-of-work, miners prove they have capital at risk by expending energy. Ethereum uses proof-of-stake, where validators explicitly stake capital in the form of ETH into a smart contract on Ethereum. This staked ETH then acts as collateral that can be destroyed if the validator behaves dishonestly or lazily. The validator is then responsible for checking that new blocks propagated over the network are valid and occasionally creating and propagating new blocks themselves.
This provides them with access to aggregate, anonymized data as stake reward, in return for sustaining and securing the network via Proof-of-stake. BlockSpirit thus enables you to become a validator and to win the block rewards, you lock up—or stake—your tokens in a smart contract, a bit of computer code that runs on the blockchain.
The purpose of this project is to contribute, in preparation for field of education because learning Web3 is not easy. There is a lot of information fragmentation, and not all knowledge gaps are properly addressed. We saw a great need for a place where developers can come and learn everything there is to know to get to a point where they can feel very confident in developing their own dApps and protocols. We want there to be diversity in who benefits from Web3. 
</p>
